---
layout: default
title: Terms and Conditions
permalink: /terms-and-conditions
---

# Terms and Conditions for Enclave AI

Welcome to Enclave AI! These Terms and Conditions govern your use of our app and services. By accessing or using Enclave AI, you agree to comply with and be bound by these terms.

## Acceptance of Terms

By using Enclave AI, you confirm that you accept these Terms and Conditions and agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our app.

## Changes to Terms

We reserve the right to amend these terms at any time. Your continued use of Enclave AI following any changes means that you accept and agree to the new terms.

## AI-Generated Content

The AI models in Enclave AI generate content that may be unpredictable. While we strive for accuracy and relevance, the generated content may sometimes be confusing, inaccurate, or offensive. Enclave AI is not responsible for the content generated by the AI models.

## User Conduct

You agree not to use Enclave AI to generate unlawful, misleading, harmful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, obscene, invasive, harassing, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable content.

## Disclaimer of Warranties

Enclave AI is provided "as is" and without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied. We do not warrant that the app will always be available, be uninterrupted, secure, or free from bugs or viruses.

## Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by law, Enclave AI shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses.

## Governing Law

These Terms and Conditions are governed by Polish law. You and Enclave AI agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of Polish courts.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, please contact us at **enclaveaiapp@gmail.com**.
